BETTER YOUR ANNUITYThe smarter way of planning your retirementEarn a higher incomeChoose when your income startsChoose how long your income will lastKeep your savings to pass on to loved onesKeep your current providerAnnuity ToolHow to startQuestions ?(Earn a higher income)Better can provide you with tools to achieve a higher income using gilts issued by the UK government or other bonds of your choice. You can further improve your income by buying lower rated fixed income investments. Government securities will provide you with a better income for a fixed period than regular annuities.(Choose when your annuity will start)Because of the way market interest rates behave, you can better your income by starting it in the future.(Choose how long your income will last)You decide how long you want your income to last. Average life expectation for a man aged 65 is 20 years. However you can choose whether it should last longer or shorter based on other assets you have such as your home, life insurance orSavings.(Keep your savings to pass on to loved ones)Buying a regular lifetime annuity from an insurance company will preclude you from passing your savings on to loved ones. With ÒBETTERÓ buying an income for retirement means buying a portfolio of bonds and keeping it in you Flexi Access account. If you get hit by the proverbial bus and die early the money can go to your beneficiaries. The pension savingswill even be tax free (no inheritance tax or income tax) if you die before the age of 75. (Annuity Tool)Our tool enables you to choose a start date and end date of your income stream. The money can then be invested in completely safe UK gilts or other higher yielding bonds if you prefer. The tool will give then give you the income you can get as well as a list of securities you can buy in your SIPP Flexi Access account.(Earn a higher income)You can earn a significantly better retirement income by choosing our annuity tool to build an income stream for a fixed period.  The tool will give you a list of gilts to invest in and it will give you the income for the period you define.The aver age life expectation is between 20 and 22 years and you can build an income based on this period. Should you live longer you can fall back on other assets and income you may have such as  a defined benefit pensions, state pension, other savings or  the equity in your own home.You could also invest only part of your pension savings in the annuity and use the other part to buy a share portfolio to provide additional income and insurance for a longer life.(How to start)Contact us 